Yo guys, Blade here, today I wanna show you
how to:
Install and use Elite Tool for MW3
First, go to the description of this vid
You are opening mediafire link
Download it
And then you've got window like this one
What does it have?
You've got 3 tabs:
Clan Tag
Title Text
And deleting those things from your nickname
How to make it work?
First, you have to launch MW3 and enter lobby
I know that you can't really see anything right
now, but i couldnt figure it out either in
camtasia or fraps :/
But here I'm just entering lobby and nothing
else...
Now im in the lobby in game, you can see
MW3 icon down there
Now you are entering whatever clan tag you
want
I'm just setting some random tag
Click Set Tag
Here you are setting your title
I'm showing how they all look :)
And here you are entering your title
Personally I like Title 4
/Text from Shrek.../
How to add colors to your title?
You are doing that by adding ^ (shift + 6)
before numbers
1-red 2-green 3-yellow 4-blue 5-idk 6-pink 7-
white 8,9,0-black
And now we are clicking Set Title
See ya in game ;D
We are getting in MW3 that was open whole
time
And we have it!
colors...
Everything works, soooo PRO
How to not get ban for it?
You just need to close Elite Tool
Close it and you are fine :)
It didn't record when I closed Elite Tool, but
that's not to complecated ;D
And I'm talking about some shit... xD
Sooo...
If you want, add this vid to your favourites to
find it easly :)
Send it to your friends if they want it
The only thing that this hack can make to you
is raging players in game because you have
something they don't...
So just send them this vid xD
And then they will also have it :D
Bye :)
I'm Blade